5 events I believe are important to track in the Sofascore app:
   a)*Search*, where the ID and name of the searched term would be noted. If a user searches for a term, and a term is found and information is returned to the user, my belief is that it would be valuable to know what the user searched for (users preferences + most searched terms would be tracked).

   b) Click on the calendar, where the date which was clicked on would be noted. The calendar is placed in the left column and users can click on a date in the calendar to see all the matches on that day. I believe it would be useful to track if a user clicks on a date and spends some time looking at the matches, as the belief is that he is interested in matches on that day, and could be interested in following a match or placing a bet for a match on that day.

   c) Profile: with a count of clicks on the user's profile would be tracked. I perceive this as users showing interest in contributing and establishing themselves as active participants in the SofaScore community, and that they have an interest in making themselves notable predictors, contributors, or editors.

   d) Bet/coefficient button click: with a count of clicks on the bet button would be tracked. This would be valuable to see the patterns behind users who are interested in betting and their behavioral patterns when using the SofaScore app (plus valuable insight into how many people are transferred to the CroXBet platform).

   e) Click on a featured match: tracking user clicks on a featured match could be used as reinforcement to the existing suggestion approach, to validate if the featured match is indeed the one that would gather the most user traction.     